Define new well-known annotation: kubernetes.io/display-name (#43658)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

This annotation is used for describing specific behaviour of given object.

### kubernetes.io/display-name {#display-name}

Type: Annotation

> Example: `kubernetes.io/display-name: "Display name of K8s object."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: `kubernetes.io/display-name: "Displays the name of a K8s object."`
```

Reviewer 2: To me `"Display name of K8s object."` is the more accurate example. After all, it is the _display name_.

Author: Sure, I was just copying the above example. This feels like a preference, but I'll go with it.

Used on: All Objects

This annotation is used for applying a human-readable name to a given object.
Unlike an [object name](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/),

> the value for this annotation is mutable and does not need to conform to a DNS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the value for this annotation is mutable and does not need to comply with a DNS
```
